---
layout: post
title: "Hello!"
author: "Russell White"
categories: journal
tags: []
image: headshot.jpg
---

Hello! My name is Russell! I'm currently an undergraduate student at Colorado Mesa University. I am majoring in statistics and minoring in philosophy. My interests include effective altruism, rationality, philosophy, math, writing, snowboarding, playing ping pong, and exploring thrift shops with friends.

## Why I'm starting this blog

This is not my first attempt at blogging, but it is the first one I'm pretty motivated to make succeed(primarily by using [Beeminder](https://www.beeminder.com/home)). I'm starting this blog so that I have a place to share my thoughts and summarize what I'm learning. Currently that consists of topics like statistics and math and A.I. alignment, but I'll probably end up exploring a variety of topics.

## How long will posts be?

It depends. If i have a lot to say on a subject, probably pretty long. Most of the time, they'll probably be just short summaries/take aways from what I've read. If you're really pressed for time, I'll probably [tweet](https://x.com/japancolorado) even more condensed summaries that you could look at.

## Warning

I'm primarily writing for myself. Although I will put in effort to make posts both useful and readable, I am focused on consolidating my own thinking. I won't be focusing on bridging every inferential step between the average person and my new knowledge. For example, if I'm writing about convolutional neural networds, and my goal isn't to describe my knowledge from bottom up, I will be probably be assuming you understand how *normal* neural networks function. I'll try to be explicit before each post about any necessary background knowledge to understand what I'm writing.

If you feel my writing was confusing, feel free to tell me! Sometimes I just write poorly. I welcome any and all feedback, my previous warning aside!

## Conclusion

Besides that, I don't really know where this blog will go. But I'm really excited to start [learning in public](https://www.swyx.io/learn-in-public) more consistently. If you want to stay updated on what I write for whatever reason, there is an RSS link at the bottom next to all my socials. And...I think that's all I have to say for now!
